Process
You will follow the steps outlined below (for both this sprint and those for our RoboCup design).

Goal Setting
You will define a goal that will progress your team's robot design and is reasonable within the scope of the sprint (~2 weeks, given talent and tools).

Research
You will research and document technical resources that you believe will help you succeed at the sprint.

Ideation
You will create quick sketches or descriptions of your planned design.

Prototyping
You will make a quick and simple test of your ideas, making something that is built and tested as quickly as possible.

Testing and Critique
You will evaluate your prototype and document your thinking, what you have learned and how you will improve your design.

Final design
You will document your final design idea in detail, with enough technical detail for another engineer to recreate your work.

Conclusion
You will make a brief comment on the success of your design and what next steps others might build on your work.

Evaluation
For each sprint that we undertake in class, we will work to produce and be assessed on the same following steps. The Success Criteria below will form your assessment, each being measured on levels 1-4.

Level 1 - serious errors or misunderstandings of expectations

Level 2 - some errors or areas where expectations are not met

Level 3 - all course expectations are fulfilled

Level 4 - work exceeds course expectations or specific areas of quality can be identified.

Success Criteria
Goal Setting
Goals identified are clearly described and testable (will we know if you succeed? how?)
Goals identified are within the scope (can they be completed in ~2 weeks, do we have the materials, equipment and expertise to complete these?)
Goals make meaningful progress towards final robot design (this is a goal that will help your team)
Research
Research has been used to investigate the goal and possible solutions (you've used research to help you)
Research has been sourced from reputable, technical sources (we can trust where you got your information)
What information came from where is clearly indicated (another person knows what information is yours, what came from elsewhere, and where it came from. Another person could continue your work by learning from these sources, or check your information.)
Ideation
Initial planning and thinking is shown for each step/decision (thinking is outlined with notes, sketches, code snippets, or whatever method is fastest to record this thinking)
Initial planning and thinking shows a breadth of ideas (several ideas have been considered and documented, it is clear why one idea is being favoured over another.)
Prototyping
Prototype is created to test a specific idea that is outlined in ideation (what is being tested and how it will be tested is clear)
Prototype is rough and quick, only as refined as it needs to be to test the idea (it is clear care has been taken to choose the fastest way to test the idea)
Testing and Critique
Prototype is documented along with a clear explanation of what has been learned (Did it work? what will be improved for next steps? What problems need to be fixed in the design itself, and what are inherent to the roughness of the prototype?)
Next steps are clearly outlined to improve the design (what will change about the next design, may include new research/ideation).
Final design (for the sprint)
Design shows direct inspiration and improvement from ideation/prototyping stages (it is clear how you got to this design)
Design is refined and polished given the scope of the sprint (care, resources and talent have been used to make this design as complete as possible given the time and constraints)
Design has used technical skills learned in class to create the final product (learning of electronics, code, 3D or 2D design evident).
Design shows specific skill in the use of tools, and the selection of appropriate tools (skill in tool use is evident, and if simpler tools could achieve the same result they have been used instead).
Conclusion
A brief statement clearly outlines the specific successes or future work needed for the design. The audience is another student engineer who may want to build on this work. (Specific, detailed but concise, useful as an overview for other students who want to learn from your sprint.)
